Terms and Conditions Page

Introduction

These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.   If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website. 

You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website.  By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.

This website uses cookies.  By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our Construction Materials One Stop's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Construction Materials One Stop's privacy policy / cookies policy.

License to use website

Unless otherwise stated, Construction Materials One Stop and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.  Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.

You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages or OTHER CONTENT from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.  

You must not:

republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.

Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organisation.

Acceptable use

You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.

You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.

You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Construction Materials One Stop’s express written consent.

You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.

You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Construction Materials One Stop's express written consent.

Restricted access

Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Construction Materials One Stop reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Construction Materials One Stop's discretion.

If Construction Materials One Stop provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.  

Construction Materials One Stop may disable your user ID and password in Construction Materials One Stop's sole discretion without notice or explanation.

User content

In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.

You grant to Construction Materials One Stop a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.  You also grant to Construction Materials One Stop the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.

Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Construction Materials One Stop or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).  

You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.

Construction Materials One Stop reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Construction Materials One Stop's servers, or hosted or published upon this website.

Notwithstanding Construction Materials One Stop's rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Construction Materials One Stop does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.

No warranties

This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  Construction Materials One Stop makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.  

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Construction Materials One Stop does not warrant that:

this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.

Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.

Limitations of liability

Construction Materials One Stop will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:

to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.

These limitations of liability apply even if Construction Materials One Stop has been expressly advised of the potential loss.

Exceptions

Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Construction Materials One Stop's liability in respect of any:

death or personal injury caused by Construction Materials One Stop's negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Construction Materials One Stop; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Construction Materials One Stop to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability. 

Reasonableness

By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.  

If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.

Other parties

You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Construction Materials One Stop has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.  You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Construction Materials One Stop's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.

Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Construction Materials One Stop's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Construction Materials One Stop. 

Unenforceable provisions

If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.

Indemnity

You hereby indemnify Construction Materials One Stop and undertake to keep Construction Materials One Stop indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Construction Materials One Stop to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Construction Materials One Stop's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Construction Materials One Stop arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.

Breaches of these terms and conditions

Without prejudice to Construction Materials One Stop's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Construction Materials One Stop may take such action as Construction Materials One Stop deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.

Variation

Construction Materials One Stop may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.  Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.  Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.

Assignment

Construction Materials One Stop may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Construction Materials One Stop's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.

You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.  

Severability

If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.  If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect. 

Entire agreement

These terms and conditions, together with the privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and Construction Materials One Stop in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.

Law and jurisdiction

These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the governing laws of Kenya, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the [non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Kenya.

Registrations and authorisations

Construction Materials One Stop is registered with [TRADE REGISTER].  You can find the online version of the register at [URL].  Construction Materials One Stop's registration number is [NUMBER].]

Construction Materials One Stop is subject to [AUTHORISATION SCHEME], which is supervised by [SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY].]

Construction Materials One Stop is registered with [PROFESSIONAL BODY].  Construction Materials One Stop's professional title is [TITLE] and it has been granted in the United Kingdom.  Construction Materials One Stop is subject to the [RULES] which can be found at [URL].]

Construction Materials One Stop subscribes to the following code[s] of conduct: [CODE(S) OF CONDUCT].  [These codes/this code] can be consulted electronically at [URL(S)].

[Construction Materials One Stop's [TAX] number is [NUMBER].]]

Construction Materials One Stop's details

The full name of Construction Materials Op is [FULL NAME].  

[Construction Materials One Stop is registered in [JURISDICTION] under registration number [NUMBER].]  

Construction Materials One Stop's[registered] address is [ADDRESS].  

You can contact Construction Materials One Stop by email to [EMAIL].

Credit

This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.contractology.com.


Liability Policy

The Company will not be liable for in transit damage that occurs while the Goods are not in its sole custody or control, whether it is concealed or not visible at the time of loading or unloading.
Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, the Company will not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from any of the following:

the Customer's or Owner's act, omission, neglect, or failure, or any person acting on their behalf;
Customer or any other person authorized by the Customer to give the Company instructions, including the appointment or use of Customer's specified third-party vendors or service providers (including, but not limited to, truckers, feeders, rail, carriers, warehouse, or depot);
Customer, Owner, or any person acting on their behalf providing an illegal, misleading, inaccurate, or insufficient description of the Goods or other particulars;
insufficient packing or labeling of the Goods, or improper packing condition, unless the Company provided such packing;
the Customer, its designated third-party suppliers or service providers, Owner, or any person acting on their behalf handling, loading, stowing, or unloading the Goods;
the Goods' inherent vice and/or normal wear and tear and/or hidden fault;
insufficient or inadequate markings on the Goods' covering;
when the Company is not in actual custody or control of the Goods, the Goods are lost or damaged;
a Force Majeure Event, as defined in this section, or any other event that the Company cannot prevent from occurring and causing damage;
The Company's emergency measures in times of crisis
any conduct, omission, or default that is not primarily the Company's fault.

The term "owner" refers to the Goods' owner, shipper, and consignee, as well as any other person who is or may be interested in the Goods, as well as anybody acting on their behalf.


For the avoidance of doubt, the Company will not be held liable for the Customer's authorized third-party vendors or service providers' conduct or omissions.
The Company will not be liable for any economic loss, including indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of profits or earnings, punitive or exceptional damages, or any loss to purchasers or other third parties, however caused.
If any of the Goods are discovered to be damaged during storage or transit, the Company will notify the Customer as soon as possible, including the nature, cause, and extent of the damage. The Customer is responsible for informing the Company of the necessary actions. Damaged goods for which the Company may be liable will be jointly surveyed by the Company and the Customer, and the Company's liability (if any) will be accepted only after the joint survey. Any claims made by the Customer must be subjected to a joint survey and given in writing to the Company within 14 days of the damage or loss being notified to the Customer. Any mismatch between the Goods and the documentation received will be immediately reported to the Customer by the Company.
Any free advice, information, or services given by the Company are provided with the understanding that the Company accepts no liability, whether in tort, bailment, or otherwise.
In an emergency, the Company will act in good faith and with judgment to preserve the Customer's interests by taking reasonable steps to salvage the Goods' value. The Customer agrees to hold the Company harmless from any and all claims.
For the provision of Services and to the extent that the Company is liable, the Customer acknowledges that the Company' is in no way responsible for losses and damages to the Goods in connection with the provision of Services.

